about a half-hour beltway 8 on
Westheimer in Houston Texas is a little
joint that's been open for about two
years and they're serving a type of food
that's making its Triple D debut Bosnian
we're here cafe feet up to check it out
got five people got fed a very delicious
I love it three different ways off kind
of a combination Greek Mediterranean
Middle Eastern hummus and girl okay bub
I'm having farmer which is stuffed
cabbage rolls
never would've thought I would have a
Bosnian restaurant in dude the next
ready
there wasn't one till Fabien natives
Tamara part of it chicken kebab out and
Slobodan meets her lamb shank moved to
town my cousin she's the one who got me
into coming to Houston he was looking
for a partner and always looking for us
you can go ahead and take me so a couple
of years ago they opened this joint all
right thank you
it started cranking out homey cause eat
classics favorite item on the menu
oh my gosh this ship all mooching off
with Table one yes it's called Chiba
handmade sausages on scratch made Boston
bread but the British dirty
oh look dirty means good insects passing
what is this Red Cross collecting every
lesson here look like a sick pita or a
thin ciabatta indeed here Oh sometimes
we just need this food some cream cheese
this we're breakfast as awesome these
are the wild look and Granny K's in
flavortown I'm gonna explore it make it
old fast
more than 700 pieces a day write it down
on the side for the sandwiches and of
course the chibok buzzes whose name is
Kevin are pretty much national dish the
ground in 20 ground beef yes bread
crumbs but there are sweat brings in
some moisture okay you get it some
pepper salt baking powder fresh minced
garlic lot of garlic in bosnian food our
a la guerrilla we like okay I'm serious
that's not actually for you that's for
the me see for the water you're looking
for a little bit of little bit breathe a
little bit about I'm gonna bust okay
in its essentially making pasta magic
sausage absolutely
just let it plan for about two minutes
okay so now we're gonna run it through
the machine here they make these
electric yes I have not one of my
employees like to use the electric one
everybody likes to use this for one that
I have cigar bars one two three four
five six Americas room all of that is on
one 70s this one set for more but just
in a refrigerator and we just lay them
on the grill better be 10 1 2 3 4 70
perfect you put a raw edge on them so
now you can move them yes you see with
it you just are going to pop it up for
that that's one word yes I get some
bread just gonna be fried he's brought I
can't even see are you there any on our
way over that now oldest teen you should
evaporate into the meat is nice and soft
we got some onions in the plate and some
timer which is cream cheese sour cream
feta cheese
there we go that's all she wrote again
best thing is to do that we Han stared
off that's on me with some onions on it
timer that's great
I mean that really is great read you
like pretty eclectic a breakfast sausage
texture but then I move in deal
sweetness of the onion a little bit of
salt to the meat and then completely
into another mmm
Peter like thing with the crucifix of
wild Sheva hurry up
try the kid on absolutely delicious
honest yummy bread what does yummy cream
sauce sausage is always good mmm a lot
of work did he just make it into a patty
reduce its cold yes ma'am
yes Kavita it's pretty close thank you
it's like an inside-out cheeseburger put
some onions in okay and then we put some
studies Maseratis some sauteed mushrooms
and I did some spice to it
that's pepper okay then we put another
patty on top and then we seal so we're
having the Juicy Lucy we have the tutu
barking hamburgers on that same Bosnia
bread wow that's great
and a big burger you tried to adopt to
this exercise it sees Mel's really nice
a little hint of the mushrooms little
hint to the Joey this is a burger bus
bluff that's great I can't fight the kid
Bosnian food in Jackson reminds me back
home oh the bathroom there from here
they get the real thing
this is a traditional Bosnian
and then we'll teach the robot their
business of how we do it unlikely the
uniqueness of it
dr. Graham says by cooking lamb shanks
in a clay pot fresh braised lamb shank
when we come back all right
so upset a cafe pita in Houston Texas
because if it's a Bosnian natives
Americana vated watch and slow go to me
is yours finish where it are cranking
out the home cooking they grew up with
my fam back fantastic there's nothing
else gesture within the lamb shank on
having the lamb shank done the
traditional way in a clay pot lamb shake
game in Bosnian yes it is lamb very very
popular just gonna push this leg fold it
and stop them with some garlic some raw
garlic cause you got to slivered a
little bit yeah so if the juice can
start pouring out of it right
I'm going to put some extra virgin olive
oil something olive oil gin olive oil
blends yes try some salt pepper oregano
rosemary so pretty traditional around
here yeah
Bailey so so mix that all up together
holla we cooked it just here a little
bit you know these are marinate for 24
hours yes how long are they gonna go
just killing a little crust on I just
get a little bit so skip the juices and
then I'm on there this should be
nice
water what's up tomato sauce tomato
sauce with it's in my body
mm-hmm like a red bell pepper paste made
with a little bit of eggplant so you let
this go for another hour and a half 2 X
potatoes so overall this
and again four to five hours to cook our
food with me absolutely lot of rock all
our dishes takes time to get the best
flavor all right wow that bad boys
simmer and boil okay Joe is gonna bring
our clay pot with some water and is good
to do it the authentic way
well of course edition but as well the
flavor crunchy vegetables equity and
excellence onions and peppers but we
don't want to put the blanching directly
on the bottom with good stability there
you go and burn exactly out of the truth
we'll finish off the rest of the
vegetables just on a low simmer very low
heat let it sit there let every ounce
magic yes I'm Charlie right nice I'm
here falling off the phone because some
vegetables and this is always on the
menu
we may just so many a day if we run Joey
run out really have somebody clay pot
yeah he broke one right before we got
here one mile I probably get more actual
lamb flavor that expected buzz Mahdi's
the perfect accompaniment fresh braised
lamb shank good very good
to give birth combination speech and she
all right coming I kind of work my way
down the menu anybody didn't come and
try out the most likely enjoy it yeah
delicious and the owners are great your
papi off wherever you go you guys got to
come meet the bad boys of Bosnian food
cafe PITA
there's no pleasure guys guys